Update combobox.md for IsEditable changes (#633)
AvaloniaUI/avalonia-docs: docs/reference/controls/combobox.md

<img src={ComboBoxDataTemplateScreenshot} alt="" />

> When using `IsEditable` with complex types it is important to set either `DisplayMemberBinding` or `TextSearch.TextBinding`, or both.

Reviewer: What happens if you don't?

Author: It'll throw an error

Reviewer: I would say that should be mentioned somewhere then.

> A complex example of the editable text using `Id` to match items when typing in text, but the showing `DisplayValue` in the dropdown is found below: 

Reviewer: I think this needs to be reworded. It took me a few tries to parse it. Perhaps:

```suggestion
The below example uses a property named `Id`, to match items when typing in text to a `ComboBox` that has `IsEditable` set to true. The display value in the `ComboBox` will be the bound `DisplayValue` value: 
```

Author: Yeah this one is tricky without a visual, I went thought a few iterations myself. Basically in that example:
* Items in the _open_ dropdown will display using `DisplayMemberBinding`
* The editable portion (i.e. `TextBox`) will select items that match `TextSearch.TextBinding` and also display the value using `TextSearch.TextBinding`

Does listing those bullet points make more sense how it works to you?

Reviewer: It is certainly an improvement. If you do go with that, I would suggest a slight change:

Say "will select an item that matches" instead of "selects items", as it makes it sounds like it will match multiple values at once.

```xml

> <ComboBox PlaceholderText="Editable" IsEditable="true"

Reviewer: Put `IsEditable` on a different line like the rest of the properties are. It makes it a lot more readable. I almost missed it was there.

          ItemsSource="{Binding MyComplexItems}"
          Text="{Binding EditableText}"
          DisplayMemberBinding="{Binding DisplayValue}"
          TextSearch.TextBinding="{Binding Id, DataType=viewModels:ComplexItem}"
          SelectedItem="{Binding Selected}" />
```

```csharp title='C#'

> public record ComplexItem(int Id, string DisplayValue);

Reviewer: I generally suggest people avoid using newer C# features like records for docs. Avalonia technically supports all the way back to .NET 4.8, which means people may have to rewrite the code if they are trying to use it there.

Author: Good point, I was trying to make the c# part concise, I'll update to use a class instead
